From Homeland to Homeland

An epic journey from Kentucky to Burundi through Wales and Ukraine

--------------------------

Know the places your online pals come from a little better

Every human being is an artist, a freedom being, called to participate in transforming and reshaping the conditions, thinking, and structures that shape and inform our lives.

— Joseph Beuys

The town of Practicum has brought together professionals from different corners of the world. Today, Practicum Art Gallery is proud to present stories and pictures from some of the people who dedicate their time and effort to making the future tech professionals of this town feel at home. Each of us has a unique story about the place we come from. Feel free to add your own story and a piece of visual art dedicated to your hometown to our collection. No matter where you're from, we're glad that you're our neighbor.

---------------

Kyiv, Ukraine

Artist

Natalia Dolgushina, content producer

Kyiv (or Kiev), Ukraine's capital, is a large city located on the shores of the Dnipro river. Of course, no one in their right mind would swim in the river, unless they grew up here, in which case they've probably tried it at some point. Summers are hot here, and the winters are drafty, but the fall and the spring are are absolutely amazing.

The city itself is a mix of pre-revolution, post-war and soviet architecture, all of it sprinkled with modified balconies. If you're on the right bank of the Dnipro, the landscape is difficult to traverse for people on bikes and those wearing heels. The left bank is considered far less interesting and prestigious though, even by people who live on the far outskirts of the right one.

Buy this artwork as NFT

----------------

Cricieth, Wales

Artist

Steffan Warren, lead editor

Kseniya Glagoleva, project manager

The medieval ruin of Cricieth Castle overlooks the town below from a rock that juts out into the sea. It is thought to have been built by Llewelyn the Great in the 13th century. Some 900 years later, the self-styled Pearl of Wales on the Shores of Snowdonia has become a popular tourist destination during the summer months.

A short walk down the road from the castle, you can enjoy the world's best ice cream at Cadwalader's, whose secret ingredient is rumored to be locally sourced seaweed. Another claim to fame is the fact that Cricieth won the Wales in Bloom award for five years in a row for its spectacular floral displays around town. It was also home to David Lloyd George, the only Welshman ever to hold the office of Prime Minister of the UK.

Buy this artwork as NFT

---------------------

Berea, USA

Artist

Grevisse Kenguruka, tech editor

Muramvya is one of the 18 provinces of Burundi. In the kingdom era, Muramvya was the royal capital and in 2007, because of its cultural and natural landscape, it was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List. It is located in the center of Burundi, between the country's political and economic capitals

The weather is rather chilly at night, but during the day, you would think you're in heaven. At 2,665 meters (8,743 ft) above sea level, Mount Teza is one of the coldest places in the province. But that cool breeze allows for one of the largest plantations of tea and coffee in the country, which make up the bulk of Burundi's exports.

The Kibira National Park, one of the largest wildlife reserves for apes, overlaps four provinces, including Muramvya. This National Park lies at the apex of the beautiful mountains of the Congo-Nile Divide, ranging between 1550 and 2660 meters of altitude. It is filled with beautiful vegetation, and a source for the various rivers and streams which provide water around the country.

Buy this artwork as NFT

-------------

Your hometown
Artist
Your name, your role
Add text about your hometown here...

Buy this artwork as NFT

-------------------

Visit us

Year-round
Practicum Art Gallery
404 Tim Berners-Lee Ave

-----------------------

© 2021. Enter your name
Buy tickets